# Senteon Settings

This section describes the settings available to Senteon Users.


## Command Center - Master Account Settings

Master Account Settings affect Senteon functionality and are scoped to the entire Master Account.

Location: `Master Account Console > Settings`

### General Settings

---
#### (Button) Change Password

This provides a logged-in user with the ability to change their own password.


---
#### (Button) Enable / Disable MFA

This provides a logged-in user with the ability to enable or disable Multi-factor Authentication for themselves.  

Senteon currently supports MFA using an Authenticator Application such as Google Authenticator or Authy.


---

### Account Settings

---
#### (Button) Select Local Account Database to Reset

This provides a logged-in user with the ability to manually re-syncronize the local databases for Managed Accounts.

---

## Command Center - Managed Account Settings

Managed Account Settings affect Senteon functionality, but are only scoped to resources within that specific Managed Account.

Location: `Managed Account Console > Settings`

### General Settings

---
#### Configuration Drift Response

This setting defines Senteon's reponse to configuration drift on all Endpoints registered to the Managed Account.
  
|   Option    | Description |
|:-----------:|:-----------|
| Automatically Enforce (Default) | Senteon will generate an alert and automatically return the setting back to its target baseline value. |
| Alert and Require Approval | Senteon will generate an alert. In the "Alerts" tab, Senteon users with `Manager` role or higher will have the option to choose whether or not they want to return the setting back to its target baseline value. |
| Alert Only | Senteon will generate an alert and no further action will be taken by Senteon. |

---
#### Account-wide Guided Setup Decisions

This category displays the chosen values for security configurations that are reliant on an understanding of organizational/company culture. These values are the result of decisions made when a new Group is created. If a user chooses the option to save their decisions when filling out the New Group Creation Form, those values are stored here. The target values can be modified here if one wishes to change the default decision.

Senteon will use the choices to auto-populate default answers when creating a new Group in the Managed Account, but users will have the ability to modify the values if they choose to do so. It will also not affect any active Endpoints or Groups that have already been set up.

---
#### Report White Labeling

This setting determines whether or not you would like to white label reports generated by Senteon. If Enabled, Senteon will prompt you to select an image file to use for white-labeling purposes whenever a report is generated.

---
